Evan and Caitlyn built a cardboard
framework
laptop is a laptop supposed to make that
noise the keyboard is cardboard typing
is well it's the best cardboard keyboard
that I've ever
used what just
happened oh the lid close sensor doesn't
work anymore they don't sound great but
they work I do worry a little bit about
the durab ility though I mean I know
framework's whole thing is that you can
buy replacement parts and you can repair
it for yourself they're kind of inviting
issues
like you know like it would bend pretty
easily like that you know is joke is
joke they that's that's not the actual
one they sent uh they sent an extra
shell see we did a little swaper movie
Magic subscribe to Evan and Caitlyn